# 魔发奇缘

记录 B 站英语听力视频文字

[B站魔发奇缘](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1t84y1974x)

## Chapter 1

this is the story of how I died.

Don't worry, this is actually a very fun story.

And the truth is, it isn't even mine.

This is the story of a girl named Rapunzel

And it starts, with the sun.

Now, once upon a time, a single drop of sunlight fell from the heavens.

And from this small drop of sun, grew a magic, golden, flower.

It had the ability to heal the sick and injured.

Oh, you see that old woman, over there..

You might want remember her.

She's kind of important.

Well, centuries pass, and a hop skip and a boat ride away there grew a kingdom.

The kingdom was ruled by a beloved King and Queen.

And the Queen, well, she was about to have a baby, but she got sick, really sick.

She was running out of time, and that's when people usually start to look for a miracle.

Or in this case, a magic golden flower.

## Chapter 2
Ahhh, I told you she'd be important.

You see instead of sharing the sun's gift, this woman, **Mother Gothel**, hoarded its healing power and used it to keep herself young for hundreds of years.

And all she had to do was sing a special song. 

**"Flower gleam and glow let your power shine. 
Make the clock reverse bring back what once was mine."**

What once was mine.

All right, you get the **gist**.

She sings to it, she turns young.

**Creepy**, right?

we've found it.

## Chapter 3
The magic of the golden flower healed the queen.

A healthy baby girl, a princess, was born.

With beautiful golden hair.

I'll give you a hint: That's **Rapunzel**.

To celebrate her birth, the King and Queen launched a flying lantern into the sky.

And for that one moment, everything was perfect.

And then that moment ended.

**"Flower,gleam and glow, let your power shine. Make the clock re... Huh!**

Gothel broke into the castle, stole the child, and just like that...gone.

## Chapter 4
The Kingdom searched and searched but they could not find the Princess.

For deep within the forest, In a hidden tower.

**Gothel** raised the child as her own...

**Save what has been lost, bring back what once was mine, what once was mine.**

**Gothel** had found her new magic flower.

But this time, she was determined to keep it hidden.

Why can't I go outside?

The outside world is a dangerous place.
Filled with horrible, selfish people.
You must stay here, where you're safe.
Do you understand, flower?

Yes, Mommy.

But the walls of that tower, could not hide everything.

Each year on her birthday, the King and Queen released thousands of lanterns into the sky.

In hope that one day, their lost Princess would return.

## Chapter 5
I could get used to a view like this.

Rider, come on.

Hold on.
Yep, I'm used to it.
Guys, I want a castle.

We do this job, you could buy your own castle.

Oh, hay fever.

Yeah. Wait, wait. Hey, wait.

Can't you picture me in a castle of my own?
'Cause[^1] I certainly can. 
Oh, the things we've seen, and it's only eight in the morning.
Gentlemen, this is a very big day.

This is it.
This is a very big day, **Pascal**.
I'm finally going to do it.
I'm going to ask her.

**Rapunzel!** Let down your hair.

It's time. I know, I know.
Come on, don't let her see you.

[^1]: Because的缩写

## Chapter 6
Hi, welcome home, Mother.

Oh, **Rapunzel**.
How you manage to do that every single day without fail.
It looks absolutely exhausting, darling.

Oh, it's nothing.

Then I don't know why it takes so long.

Oh, darling. I'm just teasing.

All right...so, Mother,

as you know tomorrow is a very big day.
Rapunzel, look in that mirror.
You know what I see?
I see a strong, confident, beautiful young lady.
Oh, look, you're here too.
I'm just teasing. Stop taking everything so seriously.

Okay, so Mother. As I was saying, tomorrow...

**Rapunzel**, Mother's feeling a little run-down.
Would you sing for me, dear?
Then we'll talk.

Oh! Of course, Mother.

## Chapter 7
Rapunzel!

So, Mother, earlier I was saying that tomorrow was a pretty big day,and you didn't even respond,so I'm just going to tell you, it's my birthday!

Ta-da!

No, no, no, can't be.

I distinctly remember. Your birthday was last year.

That's the funny thing about birthdays.

They're kind of an annual thing.

Mother, I'm turning eighteen.
And I wanted to ask what I really want for this birthday.
Actually what I want for quite a few birthdays now...

Rapunzel, please, stop with the mumbling.
You know how I feel about the mumbling.
Blah, blah, blah, blah. It's very annoying!
I'm just teasing. You're adorable. I love you so much, darling.

Ah, I want to see the floating lights.

What?

Oh, well, I was hoping you would take me to see the floating lights.

Oh, you mean the stars.

That's the thing.

I've charted stars and they're always constant.
But these, they appear every year on my birthday, Mother.
Only on my birthday.
And I can't help but feel like they're, they're meant for me.
I need to see them, Mother. And not just from my window.
In person.
I have to know what they are.

You want to go outside?

Oh, why, Rapunzel.

Look at you, as fragile as a flower.

## Chapter 8
No, no, no. This is bad. This is very, very bad. 
This is really bad.
They just can't get my nose right.

Who cares.

Well, it's easy for you to say.
You guys look amazing.

All right, okay. 
Give me a boost, and I'll pull you up.

Give us the satchel first.

Wha..? I just...
I can't believe that after all we've been through together,
you don't trust me.

Ouch.

Now help us up, pretty boy.

Sorry, my hands are full.

What?

**Rider!**

## Chapter 9
Rapunzel！
Let down your hair.

One moment, Mother.
I have a big surprise.

Uh, I do too.

Oh, I bet my surprise is bigger.

I seriously doubt it.

I brought back parsnips.
I'm going to make hazel nut soup for dinner, your favorite.
Surprise!

Well, Mother, there's something I want to tell you.

Oh, Rapunzel, you know I hate leaving you after a fight.
Especially when I've done absolutely nothing wrong.

Okay, I've been thinking a lot about what you said, earlier.

I hope you're not still talking about the stars.

"Floating Lights", and, yes, I'm leading up to that.

Because I really thought we dropped the issue, sweetheart.

No, Mother, I'm just saying,
you think I'm not strong enough to handle myself out there.

Oh, darling, I know you're not strong enough to handle yourself out there.

But if you just...

Rapunzel, we're done talking about this.

Trust me,

Rapunzel.

I know what I'm...

Rapunzel.

Oh, come on.

Enough with the lights, Rapunzel.
You are not leaving this tower! Ever!

## Chapter 10
Oh, great. Now I'm the bad guy.

All I was going to say, Mother, is that...
I know what I want for my birthday now.

And what is that?

New paint. The paint made from the white shells you once brought me.

Well, that is a very long trip, Rapunzel.
Almost three days' time.

I just thought it was a better idea than, uh, stars.

You sure you'll be all right on your own?

I know I'm safe, as long as I'm here.

I'll be back in three days' time.
I love you very much, dear.

I love you more.

I love you most.
